the baby is there, people
I think it 's another video, right?
I've been recording for a long time.
Then I took the right is that without time no
it's too lazy and today I 'm doing a
video here that a lot of people are asking
and I think the time is better I'm here
I'll show you my house, everyone.
asking for my new house for a while
I already changed
So this is it, this house here is not this
place here is not only mine it's kind of a vile
of my friends here
I think here is the house of human tone and
here is the house of the daughter of
Otherwise I know that when I was mine
new house want a gap off and they will
have given this chance to live here
aif is a word there spoken to
celebrate that apple made the house that gave
front and outside is not as
Beautiful you can see it's not like this
these things now inside the cell
It's really cool and it helps me a lot, that's all.
very close to the one that the other
to run from one side to the other
in the modality here and now I will show
my items have not changed much at all
but I think you'll like everything
Well, starting here, right?
General, I did not go back either.
the same amount here is great easy for that
he saw is totally unnecessary
I do not even have the diamond here.
with a little more fishing is the blocks
gold stone
the disks I need to understand the water
Mexico is having the same taboos as
history of the web and does not want to
No one really likes to see you, but I will.
show caitou with a little meat what I
I'm really thirsty and hot.
now golden mass has a
i and captured 12 pec there pick has
some here I'm fishing
I'll show you more in detail.
You gotta say this here about old gold.
it serves nothing of the ore it is also fuck
then it will microphone new realize that there
my grandmother gets too wheeled and see through
less improved a bit and will
ae
sword has more in the trunk is here has
enough panda
still here bow is having enough up
what
It's boring to be going through badly.
from the mouth now p 4 here's the helmet
goes on 34 I will not move here're the
I was finally able to do the
ptp template shoes our boot here year
helmet
here is how in football i caught it
get things here until ax 31
I think there's some water up to
little things shoes 44 from here now he
helmets more than bp and saves
done, does not have pants anymore cause of four
boot boot more p4 and so on
here the potions force life goes but
nobody here wants something here some
ingredients milk hood magma agreement
a little business here was sometimes
position but since it does not make a
here at my giant table I think it's just
This is the trash cans here and it looks good on me
I liked the house that the clothes close up.
the other team side to side so much
I will now show where we make
my potions 18 months for each row
of the eight times three gives a way so far
here are more urgent
another here I brake observes
and here it is now, last time I'm going
show my good cow space that is
slow using a lot more he's cute
It's also telling me that he stayed.
cool pa
here when I play but the meat here
Look here, cute. I look nice and
I think that's it, right?
if anyone wants to know my bookshelves the
Iipa has changed but what has changed a lot
thing about the previous video fishing né
I think it 's just that, personally.
video very fast sorry and have not
Nothing so special happened there.
celebrate what the 500 enrolled I ask
I thank everyone who wants to see
in the video that subscribes to the channel I am
Sorry, I'm not recording.
The media is that I'm leaving 26 xavier
It's complicated, but excuse me, I'll see.
if I bring more serious video and save it
40th is complicated to like and I think it's
only that
Thank you, yard.
the channel is growing growing task
but it's ok
Thank you for saying the same thing